Add documentation about ontologies for modules (#3095)
nf-core/website: sites/docs/src/content/docs/nf-core-tools/modules/create.md

The `nf-core modules create` command will prompt you with the relevant questions in order to create all of the necessary module files.

If a bioconda entry is found, the command will populate the containers for you.

> If a bio.tools entry is found, the command will try to guess the correct input and output channels and ontologies for you. Make sure to check if the given information is correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a bio.tools entry is found, the command will try to guess the correct input and output channels and EDAM ontology entry for you. Make sure to check if the given information is correct.
```

Author: ```suggestion
If a bio.tools entry is found, the command will try to guess the correct input and output channels and EDAM ontology entries for you. Make sure to check if the given information is correct.
```

> If a [bio.tools](https://bio.tools/) entry is found, the command will try to guess the correct input and output channels and [EDAM ontology](https://edamontology.github.io/edam-browser/#topic_0091) entries for you. Make sure to check if the given information is correct.

Author: ```suggestion
If a [bio.tools](https://bio.tools/) entry is found, the command will try to guess the correct input and output channels and [EDAM ontology](https://edamontology.github.io/edam-browser/#topic_0091) entries for you. Make sure to check if the given information is correct.

By following the EDAM ontology URL, you will find a description of that term. Ontology terms can also be browsed in the [EDAM browser](https://edamontology.github.io/edam-browser/#topic_0091).
```
